Added initial video transcriptions for PO articles (#96)
InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath: product-owner/06-closing-and-contact-article.md

Please contact us at innersourcecommon.org, and join us online. We have a very active community of over 80 companies. Many of those are Fortune 500 companies. 

> You should also watch the other videos if you haven't yet. They contain some of the first steps that you'll need to implementing and inner-source process at your company. They also go over some of the roles like the trusted committee and also, some of the documentation, such as creating your first contributing agreement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also watch the other videos if you haven't yet. They contain some of the first steps that you'll need to implement an InnerSource process at your company. They also go over some of the roles like the trusted committee and also, some of the documentation, such as creating your first contributing agreement. 
```
